Update the Get Started tutorial for Go connector (#4193)
tarantool/doc: doc/how-to/getting_started_go.rst

.. _getting_started-go:

Connecting from Go
==================

**Examples on GitHub**: `sample_db <https://github.com/tarantool/doc/tree/latest/doc/code_snippets/snippets/connectors/instances.enabled/sample_db>`_, `go <https://github.com/tarantool/doc/tree/latest/doc/code_snippets/snippets/connectors/go>`_

> The tutorial shows how to use the 2.x version of the `go-tarantool <https://github.com/tarantool/go-tarantool>`__ library to create a Go application that connects to a remote Tarantool instance, performs CRUD operations, and executes a stored procedure.

Reviewer: I'd use the direct order of words:
```
... how to use the go-tarantool 2.x library
```
because this page is firstly about go-tarantool, and secondarily - about 2.x version.
Besides, if I get it right, we're not gonna provide content on earlier go-tarantool versions, so no sense in highlighting the version in the first place.

You can find the full package documentation here: `Client in Go for Tarantool <https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/tarantool/go-tarantool/v2>`__.

.. _getting_started_go_sample_db:

Sample database configuration
-----------------------------

..  include:: getting_started_net_box.rst
    :start-after: connectors_sample_db_config_start
    :end-before: connectors_sample_db_config_end

.. _getting_started_go_sample_db_start:

Starting a sample database application
--------------------------------------

> Before creating and starting a client Go application, you need to run the :ref:`sample_db <getting_started_net_box_sample_db>` application using ``tt start``:

Reviewer: Maybe some link to tutorial on starting the app? 
I expect that some readers may be Go developers that are _complete_ newcomers to Tarantool and literally know nothing about it and tt.

Author: added a link to 'tt start'

.. _getting_started_go_import_:

Importing 'go-tarantool' packages
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the ``hello.go`` file, declare a ``main`` package and import the following packages:

..  literalinclude:: /code_snippets/snippets/connectors/go/hello.go
    :language: go
    :start-at: package main
    :end-before: func main()
    :dedent:

The packages for external MsgPack types, such as ``datetime``, ``decimal``, or ``uuid``, are required to parse these types in a response.

.. _getting_started_go_creating_connection:

Connecting to the database
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

1.  Declare the ``main()`` function:

    ..  code-block:: go

        func main() {

        }

2.  Inside the ``main()`` function, add the following code:

    ..  literalinclude:: /code_snippets/snippets/connectors/go/hello.go
        :language: go
        :start-after: func main()
        :end-at: // Interacting with the database
        :dedent:

    This code establishes a connection to a running Tarantool instance on behalf of ``sampleuser``.
    The ``conn`` object can be used to make CRUD requests and execute stored procedures.

.. _getting_started_go_using_data_operations:

> Using data operations

Reviewer: Maybe **Performing**?
Or just **Manipulating data**
**Using operations** sounds a bit strange to me

    :end-before: // Select by primary key
    :dedent:

This code makes insert requests asynchronously:

-   The ``Future`` structure is used as a handle for asynchronous requests.
-   The ``NewInsertRequest()`` method creates an insert request object that is executed by the connection.

..  NOTE::

    Making requests asynchronously is the recommended way to perform data operations.
    Further requests in this tutorial are made synchronously.

.. _getting_started_go_querying_data:

Querying data
*************

To get a tuple by the specified primary key value, use ``NewSelectRequest()`` to create an insert request object:

..  literalinclude:: /code_snippets/snippets/connectors/go/hello.go
    :language: go
    :start-at: // Select by primary key
    :end-at: Tuple selected the primary key value
    :dedent:

You can also get a tuple by the value of the specified index by using ``Index()``:

..  literalinclude:: /code_snippets/snippets/connectors/go/hello.go
    :language: go
    :start-at: // Select by secondary key
    :end-at: Tuple selected the secondary key value
    :dedent:

.. _getting_started_go_updating_data:

Updating data
*************

> ``NewUpdateRequest()`` can be used to update a tuple identified by the primary key as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``NewUpdateRequest()`` updates a tuple identified by the primary key as follows:
```
Here and in some places below.
Less words, more direct expression. Anyway, up to you.

Author: Technically, NewUpdateRequest() doesn't update a tuple - it creates an object that is used by the connection to update a tuple. So, I'd keep it as is.

..  literalinclude:: /code_snippets/snippets/connectors/go/hello.go
    :language: go
    :start-at: // Replace
    :end-at: Replaced tuple
    :dedent:

.. _getting_started_go_deleting_data:

Deleting data
*************

``NewDeleteRequest()`` in the example below is used to delete a tuple whose primary key value is ``5``:

..  literalinclude:: /code_snippets/snippets/connectors/go/hello.go
    :language: go
    :start-at: // Delete
    :end-at: Deleted tuple
    :dedent:

.. _getting_started_go_stored_procedures:

Executing stored procedures
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To execute a stored procedure, use ``NewCallRequest()``:

..  literalinclude:: /code_snippets/snippets/connectors/go/hello.go
    :language: go
    :start-at: // Call
    :end-at: Stored procedure result
    :dedent:

.. _getting_started_go_closing_connection:

Closing the connection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``CloseGraceful()`` method can be used to close the connection when it is no longer needed:

..  literalinclude:: /code_snippets/snippets/connectors/go/hello.go
    :language: go
    :start-at: // Close connection
    :end-at: Connection is closed
    :dedent:

> ..  NOTE::

Reviewer: I'd put this note in the beginning of **Developing** subsection so that some readers can read the code instead of the procedure doc if they like.

Author: Usually, I place the links to full samples at the beginning and at the end of tutorials. Note that the first link already added right after the topic's title.

.. _getting_started_go_run_client_app:

Starting a client application
-----------------------------

1.  Execute the following ``go get`` commands to update dependencies in the ``go.mod`` file:

    .. code-block:: console

        $ go get github.com/tarantool/go-tarantool/v2
        $ go get github.com/tarantool/go-tarantool/v2/decimal
        $ go get github.com/tarantool/go-tarantool/v2/uuid

2.  To run the resulting application, execute the ``go run`` command in the application directory:

    .. code-block:: console

        $ go run .
        Inserted tuples:
        [[1 Roxette 1986]]
        [[2 Scorpions 1965]]
        [[3 Ace of Base 1987]]
        [[4 The Beatles 1960]]
        Tuple selected the primary key value: [[1 Roxette 1986]]
        Tuple selected the secondary key value: [[4 The Beatles 1960]]
        Updated tuple: [[2 Pink Floyd 1965]]
        Replaced tuple: [[1 Queen 1970]]
        Deleted tuple: [[5 The Rolling Stones 1962]]
        Stored procedure result: [[[2 Pink Floyd 1965] [4 The Beatles 1960]]]
        Connection is closed

.. _getting_started-go-comparison:

> Feature comparison

Reviewer: Need a clearer heading here. Readers don't know about other connectors **Feature comparison** is unclear in this context: "Whose features? Comparison with what?"
